TOPICS:
1. why Power BI?
2. what is Power BI?
3. Features of Power BI
4. Components of Power BI
5. Architecture of Power BI
6. Power BI Sevice
7. Power BI Dashboard
8. Power Bi Case Study - Meijer
9. Power BI Demo

Why Power BI?

---> Power Bi Has ability to access "Large Volumes of Data" from multiple sources. It allows us to view , analyze, and visualize huge quantities of data that cannot 
     be opened in EXcel.Some of the data sources available in the PowerBi are Excel,Csv,Xml,JSON,pdf etc..

---> Power BI provides an Easy to use Drag and Drop tool with features and functionalities that allows us to Copy all Formatting across similar Visualizations.
     Power BI has Exceptional integration with Excel.

---> It helps us to Gather,analyze,publish and share Excel Business Data in new ways.Power BI Helps to accelerate Big Data Preparation with Azure Using Power BI
     with Azure allows us to analyze and share Large Volumes of Data.Azure data Lake can Reduce the time it takes to get insights and increase Collabpration between 
     business analysts,data engineers and data scientists.

---> Power BI allows us to get insights from data and turn insights into actions to take data-driven business decisions.Finally, PoweBI allows us to perform Real-time
     Stream Analytics it fetches Data from multiple sensors and social media sources to get access to Real-time analytics.So we are always Ready to make Business Decisions.

What is Power BI?

---> Power BI is a business analyytics service provided by Microsoft that lets us to visualize our Data and Share insights.It converts Data from different sources 
     to Build interactive Dashboards and BI Reports.

---> Lets Assume We have an "Excel data about Sales" Ussing this Data Power BI helps to Build Different Charts and Graphs to Visualize the Data.

Features of Power BI :

---> First, "Power BI Desktop" Power BI Desktop is a free Software that we can download and it allows us to Build Reports by accessing data Easily.For Using Power BI
     Desktop We do not need advance report designing or query skills to build a Report.

---> Second, As Already discussed "Power BI" supports Stream Analytics From Factory sensors to social media sources Power Bi Access in Real-time analytics to make 
     Timely Decisions.

---> Support for Multiple Data sources is one of the Major Features of "Power BI".We can access various sources of data such as Exel, CSV, SQL Server, Web files etc.
     to create interactive visualizations.

---> Finally, Custom Visualization is another vital feature of Power BI while dealing with complex data Power BI Default Standard might not be enough in some-cases
     in that case we can acccess the "Custom Library of Visualization" that meets our needs.

Power BI Components:

---> There are 6 Major components of Power BI they are:
     1. Power Query
     2. Power Pivot
     3. Power View
     4. Power Map
     5. Power BI Desktop
     6. Power Q&A

---> 1. Power Query: Power Query is the data transformation and mash-up(ability to combine data from multiple sources and create new dataset) engine.It enables us to
                     discover,connect,combine and refine data sources to meet our analysis need.It can be downloaded as an add-in for Excel or can be used as part of 
                     Power BI Desktop.

     2. Power Pivot: Power Pivot is a data modelling technology that lets us create "Data Models".It also allows us to establish relationships and create caluclations
                     It uses Data Analysis Expression language (Or) DAX to model simple and complex data.

     3. Power View: Power View is a Technology that is available in Excel,SharePoint,SQLServer and Power BI.It lets us create interactive Charts,Graphs,Maps another 
                    visuals that brings our data to live.

     4. Power Map: Microsofts Power Map for Excel and Power BI is a 3D data Visualization tool that lets us Map our Data and plot More than a Million Rows of Data 
                   Visually on Bing maps in 3D Format from an Excel Table (Or) Data Model in Excel.

     5. Power BI Desktop: Power BI Desktop is a development tool for Power Query, Power Pivot and Power View.With Power BI Desktop, you have everything under a same 
                          solution, you have everything under a same solution , and it is easier to develop BI and data analysis experience.

     6. Power Q&A: Finally, we have Power Q&A the Q&A Feature in Power BI lets us explore our data in our own Words.It is the Fastest way to get an answer from our Data
                   Using Natural Language.An example could be "What was the Total Sales Last Year?" Once we have built our data model and Deploy that into Power BI
                   Website then we can ask questions and get answers easily. 

Power BI Service:

---> Power BI service is the Software as a service (SaaS) part of Power BI.It is also referred as Power BI online.To acccess Power BI service we need to log into 
     "app.powerbi.com"